# Wings of Vaivora Changelog
All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/).

## [Unreleased]
### Added
- Custom checks were added, to streamline valid command usage.

### Changed
- The `$settings` module has been rewritten from a class interface to a helper module for the `db` module.
- `$settings` no longer has its own class. Instead, it will act as a middleman similar to how `$boss` works.
- `db.py` consequently has become the backend of data manipulation.

## [2.0] - 2019-02-11
### Added
- Documents for more info have been added to `docs`.
- `utils`: utilities for managing/adjusting files
- `convert_db.py` added to transfer data from legacy server settings json files to sqlite database.

### Changed
- Wings of Vaivora now uses the discord.py rewrite branch.
- `sqlite3` was swapped for `aiosqlite`.
- Similarly, `json` settings were migrated to `aiosqlite`.
- README has been refreshed.
- Constants were added back, with eventual translation modules possible.
- Changelogs are now in a more digestible format! with styling from https://keepachangelog.com/

### Deprecated
- Current `$settings` module will be modernized.

### Removed
- Old files including old server settings, version files, etc.

## [i1.9f] - 2018-04-19
### Fixed
- Corrected issue with `$boss all list` when printing a very long list

## [n1.9e] - 2018-02-04
### Fixed
- Fixed `settings` help

### Acknowledgment
- Thanks to **Wolfy** for bug report.

## [n1.9d] - 2018-02-04
### Fixed
- Fixed role manipulation.

## [n1.9c] - 2018-01-18
### Fixed
- Fixed `$settings` `talt` module.

## [n1.9b] - 2018-01-18
### Fixed
- Corrected user mentions for `$boss`. May also have fixed mentions in other functions.

## [i1.9a] - 2018-01-09
### Changed
- Tidied up the boss module for obsoleted components.

### Fixed
- Corrected Molich spawn map.

### Acknowledgment
- Thanks to **Wolfy** for the information.

## [m1.9] - 2017-12-17
### Changed
- Updated boss maps (demon lords are now categorized as "demon" bosses)

### Acknowledgment
- Thanks to **TerminalEssence** for the confirmed information on boss timers

## [m1.8e] - 2017-12-04
### Changed
- `add_changelog.py` has been added to faciliate new changelog additions.
- Changelogs have also been migrated from a simple txt implementation to json.
- `add_changelogs.py` will be undergoing some additional changes later as well.

## [i1.8d] - 2017-08-24
### Fixed
- Boss role mention
    
### Upcoming
- Duplicate guild changelogs if person is server owner of more than 1 server

### Acknowledgment
- Thanks to **Jiyuu** for the bug report.

### Note
I'm actually getting quite burnt out on this project. I feel like with the exception of one person, nobody actually cares about the person behind the project.

I'm wearing thin, and I'm wearing thin _fast_.

As of now, one more bugfix is planned but after that, the project will be indefinitely on hold. If you want to contribute, feel free and I can pull merge requests.

## [i1.8c] - 2017-08-24
### Changed
- Began removing some files for uniform use (secrets go into secrets.py; example file on github in vaivora_modules)

### Fixed
- Corrected more things (boss module specifically) with unresolved id changes

## [i1.8b] - 2017-08-23
### Fixed
- Identified an issue with discord.py ids no longer having identifying punctuation, and fixed with a workaround

## [i1.8a] - 2017-08-23
### Fixed
- Fixed issue with boss role in settings
- Closed an open condition that led to exceptions

### Acknowledgment
- Thanks to **Jiyuu** for the bug report (boss role).

## [m1.8] - 2017-08-23
### Added
- Github: https://github.com/dark-nova/wings-of-vaivora

### Changed
- Settings has been fully rewritten, so that means I can push this as open source.
- Some "fun" easter eggs had to be removed to follow the new Discord Bot API.
- Boss timers should now be sorted by time descending.
- Disclaimer and Terms have been added.

### Fixed
- Corrected an unmentioned bug with wrong argument position for `$boss`

### Acknowledgment
- Thanks to **Jiyuu** for the feature request (time descending).

### Disclaimer and Terms
--- 2017/08/22, v.1 ---
- Data is not collected from users in an identifiable way. All data stored is in the form of IDs generated by discord.py.
- However, please be aware that features later may involve personally identifiable data collection.
- Wings of Vaivora will have changes to the disclaimer for each of these updates. It is up to you to allow or deny.

## [i1.7v] - 2017-08-09
### Changed
- World boss timers are back

### Fixed
- Demon Lord set A spawns fixed (Inner Wall District 8, etc)

### Acknowledgment
- Thanks to **Donada** for the request (world boss timers).
- Thanks to **Jiyuu**, **Wolfy**, and **beeju** for the bug reports.

## [i1.7u] - 2017-08-08
### Fixed
- Channel setting

### Acknowledgment
Thanks to **Jiyuu** for the bug report.

## [i1.7t] - 2017-08-08
### Fixed
- Punctuation single quote

### Note
I have been really busy with life. I don't think I can maintain this project as much as I could before, and I've also had issues motivating myself with this project.

I will have the source readily available, at least one iteration of Wings of Vaivora, once I have completed rewriting Settings. Please bear with me. I know it's been a long while, and for those who may want to look into the code, I'm just one person maintaining everything.

Thank you.

## [i1.7s] - 2017-08-03
### Fixed
- Fixed 12pm errors.

## [i1.7r] - 2017-08-02
### Changed
- What is time? Seven hours, thirty minutes? Seven hours, twenty minutes? Seven hours, ten minutes? Seven hours?

## [i1.7q] - 2017-08-02
### Changed
- Changed Demon Lord spawns for real -- I should really just re-evaluate myself

## [i1.7p] - 2017-08-02 [YANKED]
### Changed
- Changed Demon Lord grouping

## [i1.7o] - 2017-08-01
### Added
- `$boss help` works now

### Changed
- Adjusted time to spawn for Demon Lords (for real now; issue was unnoticed arithmetic with regular time)

## [i1.7n] - 2017-08-01
### Fixed
- Adjusted time to spawn for Demon Lords.

## [i1.7m] - 2017-08-01
### Fixed
- Adjusted time to spawn for lesser field bosses.

### Acknowledgment
- Thanks to **Wolfy** for the contribution.

## [m1.7l] - 2017-07-31
### Added
- Adjusted field bosses and added two new records corresponding to "Alluring Succubus" and "Frantic Molich". Times are still hypothetical until the update arrives.

## [i1.7k] - 2017-07-28
### Added
- Added Abomination anchor option. `[$boss abom anchored 0:00]` produces an alert 1 hour from the anchor time.

### Fixed
- Set exception handling for tracking repeat messages

### Acknowledgment
- Thanks to **Wolfy** for the request (Abomination).

## [i1.7j] - 2017-07-20
### Fixed
- Set exception handling for emojis to prevent total bot failure
- Adjusted 12:00am as a time

### Acknowledgment
- Thanks to **Wolfy** for the bug report (time).

## [i1.7i] - 2017-07-08
### Fixed
- Adjusted anchor message using `$boss list`

## [i1.7h] - 2017-07-08
### Fixed
- Fixed logic errors with empty maps again - resolved with changing list with `Map Unknown` to empty string

## [i1.7g] - 2017-07-08
### Fixed
- Fixed logic errors with getting changelogs. Sorry, I know you guys must have gotten too many changelogs lately through PM, mostly repetitive.

## [i1.7f] - 2017-07-08
### Fixed
- Alerts are now fixed for a couple more issues.
    1. handling 12pm - solved using hour > 24 instead of hour > 23
    2. handling empty maps - solved by assigning an unbound variable on the condition

## [m1.7e] - 2017-07-08
### Changed
- Alerts will no longer use a redundant measure of text files in raw info to prevent repeat of duplicate mentions. And... (see Fixed)
- Caveat to new alert/periodic check system: if bot goes offline and you had a record still valid, you will receive at least one duplicate mention.
  
### Fixed
- Alerts are now fixed. Sorry. This was long overdue and I've had issues and was occupied today. This was a couple issues:
    1. not converting local time (Pacific Daylight Time) to server time (Eastern Daylight Time) - solved using `timedelta(hours=-3)`
    2. not sending to the right channel, instead a `str` which discord.py made no sense of - solved using `channel.id`
    3. not sending messages after input - solved using `message.server` instead of `server_id`
    4. not sending messages on account of syntax/type error - solved by typing to `str`

## [m1.7d] - 2017-07-07
### Fixed
- Apologies for the multiple changes to Wings of Vaivora. You may receive fewer notifications now.

### Note
- Reminder: you can unsubscribe using `$unsubscribe` in this DM.

## [n1.7c] - 2017-07-07
### Changed
- Boss module has been fully re-written.
- DB module has been re-written, partially. Probably won't need to re-write this in full.

### Fixed
- Corrected issues with boss module after rewrite.

### Upcoming
- Settings module re-write.
- Open source Vaivora later

## [i1.7b] - 2017-07-06
### Changed
- Boss module has been fully re-written.

### Note
- Formerly known as svn 2pre-2

## [n1.7a] - 2017-07-01
### Changed
- Migrated boss module files together, mostly.

### Note
- Formerly known as svn 2pre-1

## [i1.6r] - 2017-06-28
### Fixed
- Server join issue.
- Talt Tracker issue for setting remainder Talt via `$settings set (0-20) (current points)`.

## [i1.6q] - 2017-06-18
### Fixed
- Corrected an issue with `anchor` keyword for `$boss`.

### Upcoming
- Code rewrite before publishing as open source. Estimated time: 1-2 weeks

## [i1.6p] - 2017-06-15
### Fixed
- Corrected old boss record printing completely.

### Acknowledgment
- Thanks to **Wolfy** for the bug report.

## [i1.6o] - 2017-06-15
### Changed
- `$settings set talt ...` - sets target's Talt directly.
- `$settings add talt ...` - the former behavior of `set talt`; adds Talt.

## [i1.6n] - 2017-06-15
### Changed
- Better output for Talt commands.

## [i1.6m] - 2017-06-14
### Fixed
- Adjusted logic for mentioning group or users with boss alerts. For real this time.

### Acknowledgment
- Thanks to **Wolfy** for the bug report and additional testing.

## [i1.6l] - 2017-06-11
### Changed
- Change release system from [milestone, nightly] to [milestone, nightly, bugfix]

### Fixed
- Adjusted logic for mentioning group or users with boss alerts.

## [i1.6k] - 2017-06-11
### Fixed
- Fixed issues with mentions on boss notice.

### Acknowledgment
- Thanks to **Galoal** for the bug report.

## [i1.6j] - 2017-06-11
### Fixed
- Fixed issues with member level & Talt contribution.

## [m1.6i] - 2017-06-10
### Added
- `$settings get talt all` - to get all your guild's contribution
- `$settings reset talt [@user ...]` - to reset a user's contribution (to fix)
- `$settings rebase` - to rebuild Talt levels if you think something's wrong

### Fixed
- Corrected issue with Guild Level corresponding to Talt.

## [m1.6h] - 2017-06-10
### Fixed
- Identified and fixed issue with adding Talt for others. Was impromperly recorded to command user, not the target.

## [m1.6g] - 2017-06-10
### Fixed
- Correctly mentions people in `$boss` specific features, if assigned `boss` role.

## [m1.6f] - 2017-06-10
### Fixed
- Corrected logic issue with assigning permissions.

## [m1.6e] - 2017-06-10
### Added
- Talt verification is now in place.
- `$settings verify|validate [@user ...]`
- `$settings unverify|invalidate [@user ...]`
- Leave the mentions blank to mass (in)validate. Suitable only for `Authorized` roles only.

### Changed
- Changed an easter egg.

## [m1.6d] - 2017-06-09
### Fixed
- Corrected an issue with field boss entries not recording when map is omitted.

### Acknowledgment
- Thanks to **Wolfy** for the bug report.

## [m1.6c] - 2017-06-07
### Added
- Added `$settings help`.

## [m1.6b] - 2017-06-07
### Fixed
- Corrected issues with Talt Tracker: issues with individual permission comparison fixed.

### Acknowledgment
- Thanks to **Sunshine** for the bug report.

## [m1.6a] - 2017-06-07
### Fixed
- Corrected issues with Talt Tracker.

## [m1.6] - 2017-06-07
### Added
- Check out the new Settings module! `$settings help` for more info.

## [m1.5g] - 2017-06-06
### Changed
- Removed `@here` notification in preparation of custom setting. For now, you may use a role called `Boss Hunter` (caps important).

## [m1.5f] - 2017-05-19
### Fixed
- Revert previous "fix".

## [m1.5e] - 2017-05-19 [YANKED]
### Fixed
- Fixed argument count check. Preparing to condense some modules later for code clarity.

### Upcoming
- Open Source SoonTM

## [m1.5d] - 2017-05-15
### Fixed
- Corrected issue with some commands not printing.
- Subsequently, you may receive more than 1 message/response when you ask for help on a command.

### Acknowledgment      
- Thanks to **Onesan** for the bug report.

## [m1.5c] - 2017-05-08
### Fixed
- Corrected issue with recording bosses on multiple channels.

## [m1.5b] - 2017-04-23
### Fixed
- Corrected issue with adding to (un)subscriptions.

### Acknowledgment
- Thanks to **Wolfy** for the bug report.

## [m1.5a] - 2017-04-23
### Fixed
- Corrected issue with specific deletions. Field boss records can now be deleted without issue.

## [m1.5] - 2017-04-22
### Added
- Added `$help` for commands. Give it a try in any channel or DM!

### Changed
- Added a small status to show when things are ready. Slightly better now.

## [m1.4] - 2017-04-21
### Added
- Added `$subscribe` and `$unsubscribe` to DM commands.
- You can subscribe to changelogs even if you're not a server owner.
- Added a small status to show when things are ready.

### Fixed
- Fixed issue with world bosses with no channel recorded as recorded as ch.0.

### Upcoming
- Talt T...I keep mentioning this.
- Ways to fetch changelogs.
- Better help system, and DM commands including feedback.

### Acknowledgment
- Thanks to **Jiyuu** for the feature request (status).

## [m1.3d] - 2017-04-21
### Note
- duplicate changelog of [m1.3c]

## [m1.3c] - 2017-04-21
### Fixed
- Fixed issue with Ellaganos not recording. Possibly some other bosses were impacted.

### Acknowledgment
- Thanks to **Jiyuu** and **Wolfy** for the bug report.

## [m1.3b] - 2017-04-20
### Fixed
- Fixed potential issue with Kubas interfering with boss reporting.
- Fixed issue with channel for world bosses not recording.

## [m1.3a] - 2017-04-19
### Fixed
- Fixed issue with map and boss detection. Partial map names should now be interpreted correctly.

### Acknowledgment
- Thanks to **Jiyuu** for the bug report.

## [m1.3] - 2017-04-19
### Added
- You can now query for boss aliases (less typing) and boss locations to scout for them better.

### Changed
- Migrated boss modules out of the main script, and began the process of developing custom settings.

### Upcoming
- Talt Tracker. For real!
- Custom settings. This will be done by JSON within Python, most likely.
- A way to send bug reports. This will take awhile, but I intend to bake this into the script.

### Acknowledgment
- Thanks to **Jiyuu** for the feature request (added).

## [m1.2d] - 2017-04-12
### Fixed
- Identified the issue linked to records not reporting within threshold of 15 minutes.
- Identified several other issues related to the above.
- The "no repeat" file used to archive announced records was repeatedly erased. I suppose I learned a lesson in `a` and `a+` file modes.

### Acknowledgment
- Thanks to **Kiito** for the bug report.

## [m1.2c] - 2017-04-12
### Fixed
- Fixed a misreferenced variable that caused issues with recording bosses.

### Acknowledgment
- Thanks to **Kiito** for the bug report.

## [m1.2b] - 2017-04-11
### Fixed
- Fixed logic with record files (not databases) that kept deleting contents.
- Fixed issuee with Deathweaver. You are now required to list map for Deathweaver.

### Acknowledgment
- Thanks to **TerminalEssence** for the bug report, once again.

### Note
- Sorry for the notifications. Will be many like this for server owners...

## [m1.2a] - 2017-04-11
### Changed
- Changed the changelog delivery to server owners. Changelogs will come in separate messages. Apologies if you don't want notifications!

### Fixed
- Fixed logic with missing/broken references -- imported all the relevant modules. This may have impacted boss alerts. Sorry.

## [m1.2] - 2017-04-10
### Added
- New error message for overlapping times.

### Fixed
- Fixed issues with Deathweaver's map not recording. (For real!)
- Corrected some other issues with the code. No more duplicate Deathweaver entries, for example.
- Entries should be checked properly for time to prevent overlap.

## [m1.1d] - 2017-04-10
### Fixed
- Fixed issues with Deathweaver's map not recording.

### Acknowledgment
- Thanks to **TerminalEssence** for the bug report.

## [m1.1c] - 2017-04-09
### Fixed
- Fixed issues with databases not connecting.
- Fixed issues with commands.
- Stopped Wings of Vaivora from shouting changelogs everytime. (MAYBE.)

### Acknowledgment
- Thanks to **Jiyuu** for the feedback on all this.

## [m1.1b] - 2017-04-09
### Fixed
- Versioning *really* corrected.
- Several bugs related to file creation also fixed.

## [m1.1a] - 2017-04-09
### Fixed
- Versioning corrected.

## [m1.1] - 2017-04-09
### Changed
- 'Wings of Vaivora' has been rewritten fully with the constants module in place.

### Fixed
- Squished some bugs related to the migration of modules.

### Upcoming
- Custom settings, including the option to 'unsubscribe' from these notifications, will be implemented after.
- Custom permissions will also be included.

## [m1.0] - 2017-03-29
### Changed
- 'Wings of Vaivora' has been rewritten using a separate module for constants. Performance should subsequently be higher.
- The welcome message should now be clearer with a brighter display.

### Upcoming
- Previous modules will be migrated over to separate modules, like constants.
- Talt Tracker will now be prioritized.
- Custom settings, including the option to 'unsubscribe' from these notifications, will be implemented after.
- Custom permissions will also be included.
